Qin Tu, are you tired of living?
Cuu Long Van Van Van throne is the great money of the Five Emperors.
Moreover, it is the priceless treasure that our missing Liang gave to the White Prince.
Representing the White Prince over ten thousand people all over the world
What are you a psychopath running for?
The world except me.
Who dares to pretend to be the whole world?
Over 10,000 people
I don't know life and death.
This Kowloon Van Van Van throne is still the highest position of this banquet hall.
Look at the whole East Sea.
Even cactus.
It's not that White Prince isn't rich, it's not that they're all monsters.
No more than a thousand people can do it.
Get out! Get out!
Come down.
Presumptuous.
I stand at the top of the golden mountain
Beneath you is the capital.
It's the governor general.
It's a powerful field.
It's a national messenger.
And there's no official.
2 Untalented
How dare you stand in front of me?
Seeing your face is a great honor.
Not on your knees yet, Shane.
It's done.
He's going to start turning into an idiot.
You are guilty of this act of the entire East Sea peak of nobility.
You're in big trouble.
Tonight.
Even if you now sit down from the Kowloon Van Van Van
Tonight will be the day to die.
Also sitting for you symbolizes status
On the dragon seat of wealth
Stealing into White Prince's large position.
Wage Shortage
What are you doing?
Jixiang, unclaw your dog for me.
It's done.
This is really a broken head.
That's handsome.
Dragon cloaks handed down thousands of years ago
It's designed specifically for your flag.
Arrogant in front of everyone.
I am the Oath of the Five Emperors.
You do not dare to easily ascend the throne of the Nine Dragon Van Van.
Wearing the ancient dragon robe of the First Emperor of Heaven
What the hell are you?
Get the fuck down.
Fat burning
This is my own dragon robe.
Why Be Bold
The monster tonight.
First you are the concubine sitting on the throne of Cuu Long Van Van.
I have no regrets today.
Combustion of Grease Jacket
Both of these represent the top.
Interpreter Warranty
I want to give you a big gift tonight, you are a stray dog.
You can overthrow men in public.
He broke his arms and legs.
Tran Giang
Stop! Who dares?